[OUDS] feat: tokens architecture and opacity utilities (#2573)
Orange-OpenSource/Orange-Boosted-Bootstrap: README.md

We provide compiled CSS and JS (`ouds-web.*`), as well as compiled and minified CSS and JS (`ouds-web.min.*`). [Source maps](https://web.dev/articles/source-maps) (`ouds-web.*.map`) are available for use with certain browsers' developer tools. Bundled JS files (`ouds-web.bundle.js` and minified `ouds-web.bundle.min.js`) include [Popper](https://popper.js.org/docs/v2/).

> OUDS Web also provides a compiled and minified CSS including Bootstrap compatibility (`ouds-web-bootstrap.*` and `ouds-web-bootstrap.min.*`).

Author: ```suggestion
We also provide a compiled and minified CSS (`ouds-web-bootstrap.*` and `ouds-web-bootstrap.min.*`) enforcing Bootstrap compatibility.
```
